baby Ellen asked for a video on 19 hooks
for pendants like bell hooks and my idea
so I'm just going to show you some of
the ways that I do that I'm sure that
some of the other artists have their own
unique ways of doing that so maybe don't
poke the video too but anyway for some
of the ways under I made some sort a
little pendant some Oh show you how I
can't look to them the first two or
three will be free hand and then I'll
show you a little tool I made those
things up in the process quite a bit
the once again you want a yeah and the
totally dependent when you want to
attach the third way of the working ten
to terrier than a piece of rod of decent
size diameter and connected
then he just bought my free book come
around
that
well at all
Master your mouth that down or the
ataxia - really
and use the safer in this case I've just
got a thousand laws and something
and safety safety walk and then with
some queasy you want to align I take the
part of the pleasers back up here or
it's not straight of the picture and
I'll just take those and use those pair
of tires to strengthen us and aligning
them with the pieces like the little
peas in the pod pendant where I want to
look back they look like part of the
vine I do it much the same way except I
just wrap it around with the base
little down
and then instead of attaching them to
the back I'll just take it and wrap it
around
and come back and heat it up
with the
that looks pretty good right there
like all like them
and then I feel funny anytime really not
if the pendant book but on a declaration
that you wanna hang or hummingbird if
you wanna hang something like that I'll
show you one more technique
a little bit wrong but make kind of a
seat shaker for a long talk might cut
that back just a little bit
Hey
that's what I'd like Assisi is coming
around for a shake this parts roll off
that I'll take my Schaefer
I'm all up turning that around
the more the almost took almost cut now
these new this name can be a good hot
seal here to add mildew and strength to
the hook so what I'm going to do now is
feet right here to get both pieces up
the working temperature and then
pressing together
and then once that seal with my come
back we can use much police's to come to
make any final adjustments
now our production level tool is very
quick pegboard took off my pegboard
quarter-inch thick border this is a
piece of work surface you could use a
tool before or anything else piece of
wood drill a quarter inch hole in it
take the peg board hook to lay it down
with the endpoint not 40
now I'll make the bail for you tonight
if I was gonna make a bunch of Belfort
such as how I did because they really
came out looking pretty nice
and it says a lot of time
well
yeah
come down
Oh
they touch
also got a little stream safe again
by all adjustment
so anyway there's a few ideas for you
and I hope that is helpful and like I
said probably everyone has their own
little technique of making loops and
loops and some of the other glass
artists massara there are there are
methods as well so both there was
helpful thanks